v1.4.0_SSR-2375: add/update version conflict doc of ja & modify en (#1105)
kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component: docs/document/docs/guides/version-conflicts-issue-solution.md

---
## Overview

Version conflicts have been a problem for Kintone UI Component (KUC) users before the release of v1.4.0.<br>
This guide will help users understand the version conflicts issue and how to adapt and upgrade the KUC package to the latest version starting from v1.4.0.

## Problems of version conflicts

It is a problem that the version conflicts error occurs and the component cannot render successfully when an app uses multiple KUC packages of the same version or different versions.<br>

> This issue occurred on both UMD and ESM ways.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue occurs in both UMD and ESM ways.<br>
```

For KUC, we use Web Components and create a component defining a custom HTML tag.<br>

> The `CustomElementRegistry` that we use in that case is a global window object and we cannot define the already registered custom HTML tag again with Web Components.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CustomElementRegistry` that we use in that case is a global window object and we cannot define an already registered custom HTML tag again with Web Components.<br>
```
